

# New features !

- Builder
	+ Display a warning when there is a NCS file without its NSS counterpart
	  in the module directory (unless the NCS file is a CLR script for
	  AuroraServerNWScript)
	+ Linux support ! Don't forget to edit the package settings.

- Auto-completion:
	+ Added include file completion. Writing `#include "xxx"` should give you
	  a list of scripts that have no main or StartingConditional function.
		* The fist time, include completions can take a few seconds to build.
		* Include files from the module directory are marked with `⋄`.
	+ Struct completion: writing `struct x` will show a list of known
	  structures.
	+ Display symbol documentation (for functions, constants, defines,
	  structs) in a popup, either when validating a completion, writing a
	  known function name or when selecting then hovering a symbol.
	  Documentation must be written just in a given format depending on its
	  type:
	  * For functions, defines, structs: `//` comments right above the
	    function declaration or implementation.
	  * For constants: A single `//` comment after the constant declaration
	+ Content inside `/* */` comments is completely ignored. They cannot be
	  used for documentation.
	+ Display documentation fixes for known broken / tricky functions, based
	  on information found on
	  https://neverwintervault.org/forums/neverwinter-nights-2/nwn2-scripting/broken-functions-list
	+ You can add your own documentation fixes using the `doc_fixes` key in
	  the settings.
	+ Display a red pop-up when an included file is not found.
	+ Fixes for working correctly with new unsaved nwscript files !

- Snippets
	+ Added `#include` and `#define`
	+ Added AdvancedScriptCompiler macros: `__FILE__`, `__LINE__`,
	  `__COUNTER__`, `__FUNCTION__`, `__NSC_COMPILER_DATE__`,
	  `__NSC_COMPILER_TIME__`.
	+ Removed `/* */` from snippets to reflect how auto-completion is
	  structured

- Syntax:
	+ Updated the NWScript syntax by hacking the official C++ syntax (shhhh)


# Settings

- Settings have been modified, and may need to tweak some fields if you didn't
  install the compiler and scripts at the recommended location.
- Added new entries:
	+ `enable_doc_popup`: Controls the documentation popups
	+ `enable_missing_include_popup`: Controls the popups when an included
	  script is not found.
	+ `parse_on_modified`: Controls whether the script should be parsed on
	  each modification inside Sublime Text.
	+ `doc_fixes`: Allows to add or override axisting documentation fixes.
